Described below are certain risks that we believe apply to our business and the industry in which we operate. You should carefully consider each of the following risk factors in conjunction with other information provided in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public disclosures. The risks described below highlight potential events, trends or other circumstances that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or access to sources of financing, and consequently, the market value of our common stock and debt instruments. These risks could cause our future results to differ materially from historical results and from guidance we may provide regarding our expectations of future financial performance. The risks described below are not an exhaustive list of all the risks we face. There may be others that we have not identified or that we have deemed to be immaterial. All forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf are qualified by the risks described below.  We face strong competition from traditional store-based retailers, multi-channel retailers, internet-based businesses, our vendors and other forms of retail commerce, which directly affects our sales and margins. The retail business is highly competitive. Price is of primary importance to customers and price transparency and comparability continues to increase, particularly as a result of digital technology. The ability of consumers to compare prices on a real-time basis puts additional pressure on us to maintain competitive prices to attract customers. We compete with many other local, regional, national and international retailers, as well as certain of our vendors who offer their products directly to consumers. Some of our competitors have greater market presence and financial resources than we do. The retail industry continues to experience a trend toward an increase in sales initiated online and using mobile applications, and some online-only businesses are not required to collect and remit sales taxes in all U.S. states, which can negatively impact the ability of multi-channel retailers to be price competitive. Online and multi-channel retailers are also increasing their focus on delivery services, with customers increasingly seeking faster, guaranteed delivery times and low-price or free shipping. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times and delivery cost depends on many factors, and our failure to successfully manage these factors and offer competitive delivery options could negatively impact the demand for our products. In addition, because our business strategy is based on offering superior levels of customer service utilizing a multi-channel platform, our cost structure is higher than some of our competitors. Changes in the levels of these various competitive factors may have a significant impact on consumer demand for our products and services and the margins we can generate from them.  Failure to anticipate and respond to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner could result in a decline in our sales. Our success depends on our vendors' and our ability to successfully introduce new products, services and technologies to consumers, including, among other factors, the frequency of product and service innovations, how accurately we predict consumer preferences, the level of consumer demand, the availability of merchandise, the related impact on the demand for existing products and the competitive environment. Consumers continue to have a wide variety of choices in terms of how and where they purchase the products and services we sell. Failure to accurately predict and adapt to constantly changing technology and consumer preferences, spending patterns and other lifestyle decisions, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. Macroeconomic pressures in the U.S. and key international markets could adversely affect consumer spending and our financial results. Some of our products and services are viewed by some consumers to be discretionary items rather than necessities. As a result, our results of operations are sensitive to changes in macroeconomic conditions that impact consumer spending. Consumer confidence, employment levels, oil prices, interest rates, tax rates, availability of consumer financing, housing market conditions, and costs for items such as fuel and food, can adversely affect consumers' demand for the products and services that we offer. Our future results could be significantly adversely impacted by these factors. Table of Contents Table of Contents If we fail to attract, develop and retain qualified employees, including employees in key positions, our business and operating results may be harmed.  Our performance is highly dependent on attracting and retaining qualified employees, including our senior management team and other key employees. Our strategy of offering high quality services and assistance for our customers requires a highly trained and engaged workforce. The turnover rate in the retail industry is relatively high, and there is an ongoing need to recruit and train new employees. Factors that affect our ability to maintain sufficient numbers of qualified employees include employee morale, our reputation, unemployment rates, competition from other employers and our ability to offer appropriate compensation packages. Our inability to recruit a sufficient number of qualified individuals or failure to retain key employees in the future may impair our efficiency and effectiveness and our ability to pursue growth opportunities. In addition, a significant amount of turnover of senior management employees with specific knowledge relating to us, our operations and our industry may negatively impact our operations.  Consumer demand for the products and services we sell could decline if we fail to maintain positive brand perception and recognition. We operate a portfolio of brands with a commitment to customer service and innovation. We believe that recognition and the reputation of our brands are key to our success. The proliferation of web-based social media means that consumer feedback and other information about our company are shared with a broad audience in a manner that is easily accessible and rapidly disseminated. Damage to the perception or reputation of our brands could result in declines in customer loyalty, lower employee retention and productivity, vendor relationship issues, and other factors, all of which could materially affect our profitability. Our success is dependent on the design and execution of appropriate business strategies.  We operate in a highly-competitive and ever-changing commercial environment. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify, develop and execute appropriate strategies within this environment. Our current strategy includes transformational change to many areas of our business, including our online and in-store customer experience, our distribution system, employee training and engagement, partnership with our vendors, retail execution, services and cost control. We may experience challenges in achieving the goals we have set, and it is possible that our strategies may prove to be ineffective and that we may need to make substantial changes to them in future periods. It is also possible that we will be unsuccessful in executing our strategies, that the strategies we will implement expose us to additional risks or that strategies that have been successful in the past will fail to produce the desired results. Our results could be materially adversely affected if we fail to design and execute appropriate strategies. The market value of our common stock and debt instruments could be materially adversely affected if investors are uncertain about the appropriateness of our strategies or our ability to execute them.   Refer to Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for further information regarding our strategies. Failure to effectively manage our property portfolio may negatively impact our operating results. Effective management of our large property portfolio is critical to our success. We primarily secure properties through operating leases with third-party landlords. If we fail to negotiate appropriate terms for new leases we enter into, we may incur lease costs that are excessive and cause operating margins to be below acceptable levels. We may also make term commitments that are too long or too short, without the option to exit early or extend. The availability of suitable new property locations may also hinder our ability to maintain or grow our operations. Factors such as the condition of local property markets, availability of lease financing, taxes, zoning and environmental issues, and competitive actions may impact the availability for suitable property. We have closed stores, and we may close additional stores or other facilities in the future. For leased property, the financial impact of exiting a property can vary greatly depending on, among other factors, the terms of the lease, the condition of the local property market, demand for the specific property, our relationship with the landlord and the availability of potential sub-lease tenants. It is difficult for us to influence some of these factors. If these factors are unfavorable to us, then the costs of exiting a property can be significant. When we enter into a contract with a tenant to sub-lease property, we remain at risk of default by the tenant and the impact of such defaults on our future results could be significant. Table of Contents Table of Contents Failure to effectively manage our costs could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. Certain elements of our cost structure are largely fixed in nature. Demand for our products and services is difficult to predict, which makes it more challenging for us to maintain or increase our operating income. The competitiveness in our industry and increasing price transparency mean that the focus on achieving efficient operations is greater than ever. As a result, we must continuously focus on managing our cost structure. Failure to manage our labor and benefit rates, advertising and marketing expenses, operating leases, other store expenses or indirect spending could severely impair our ability to maintain our price competitiveness while achieving acceptable levels of profitability. Our liquidity may be materially adversely affected by constraints in the capital markets or our vendor credit terms.  We need sufficient sources of liquidity to fund our working capital requirements, service our outstanding indebtedness and finance investment opportunities. Without sufficient liquidity, we could be forced to curtail our operations or we may not be able to pursue business opportunities. The principal sources of our liquidity are funds generated from operating activities, available cash and liquid investments, credit facilities, other debt arrangements and trade payables. Our liquidity could be materially adversely impacted if our vendors reduce payment terms and/or impose tighter credit limits. If our sources of liquidity do not satisfy our requirements, we may need to seek additional financing. The future availability of financing will depend on a variety of factors, such as economic and market conditions, the regulatory environment for banks and other financial institutions, the availability of credit and our credit ratings, and our reputation with potential lenders. These factors could materially adversely affect our costs of borrowing and our ability to pursue growth opportunities, and threaten our ability to meet our obligations as they become due. Changes in our credit ratings may limit our access to capital and materially increase our borrowing costs.  In fiscal 2015, Moody's Investors Service, Inc. maintained its long-term credit rating at Baa2 and revised its outlook from Negative to Stable. Fitch Ratings Ltd. upgraded its long-term credit rating from BB- to BB, maintaining its outlook as Stable. Standard & Poor's Ratings Services maintained their long-term credit rating at BB with a Stable outlook. Future downgrades to our credit ratings and outlook could negatively impact our access to capital markets, the borrowing cost for future financings and the perception of our credit risk by lenders and other third parties. Our credit ratings are based upon information furnished by us or obtained by a rating agency from its own sources and are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by one or more rating agencies at any time. Rating agencies may change the ratings assigned to us due to developments that are beyond our control, including the introduction of new rating practices and methodologies. Any downgrade may result in higher interest costs for certain of our credit facilities and could result in higher interest costs on future financings. In addition, downgrades may impact our ability to obtain adequate financing, including via trade payables with our vendors. Customers' inclination to shop with us or purchase gift cards or extended warranties may also be affected by the publicity associated with deterioration of our credit ratings. Failure to effectively manage strategic ventures or acquisitions could have a negative impact on our business. From time to time, our strategy has involved, and may in the future involve, entering into new business ventures and strategic alliances, as well as making acquisitions. Assessing a potential opportunity can be based on assumptions that might not ultimately prove to be correct. In addition, the amount of information we can obtain about a potential opportunity may be limited, and we can give no assurance that new business ventures, strategic alliances and acquisitions will positively affect our financial performance or will perform as planned. The success of these opportunities is also largely dependent on the current and future participation, working relationship and strategic vision of the business venture or strategic alliance partners, which can change following a transaction. Integrating new businesses, stores and concepts can be a difficult task. Cultural differences in some markets into which we may expand or into which we may introduce new retail concepts may not be as well received by customers as originally anticipated. These types of transactions may divert our capital and our management's attention from other business issues and opportunities and may also negatively impact our return on invested capital. Further, implementing new partnerships, strategic alliances or business ventures may also impair our relationships with our vendors or other strategic partners. We may not be able to successfully assimilate or integrate companies that we acquire, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations and general operating procedures. We may also encounter challenges in achieving appropriate internal control over financial reporting and deficiencies in information technology systems in connection with the integration of an acquired company. If we fail to assimilate or integrate acquired companies successfully, our business, reputation and operating results could suffer materially. Likewise, our failure to integrate and manage acquired companies successfully may lead to impairment of the associated goodwill and intangible asset balances.  Table of Contents Table of Contents Failure to protect the integrity, security and confidentiality of our employee and customer data could expose us to litigation costs and materially damage our standing with our customers.  The use and handling of personally identifiable data by our business, our business associates and third parties is regulated at the state, federal and international levels. We are also contractually obligated to comply with certain industry standards regarding payment card information. Increasing costs associated with information security, such as increased investment in technology and qualified staff, the costs of compliance and costs resulting from fraud could cause our business and results of operations to suffer materially. Additionally, the success of our online operations depends upon the secure transmission of customer and other confidential information over public networks, including the use of cashless payments. While we take significant steps to protect this information, lapses in our controls or the intentional or negligent actions of employees, business associates or third parties may undermine our security measures. As a result, unauthorized parties may obtain access to our data systems and misappropriate employee, customer and other confidential data. There can be no assurance that advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments will prevent the compromise of our customer transaction processing capabilities and customer personal data. Furthermore, because the methods used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently and may not be immediately detected, we may be unable to anticipate these methods or promptly implement preventative measures. Any such compromise of our security or the security of information residing with our business associates or third parties could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, which may in turn have a negative impact on our sales, and may expose us to material costs, penalties and compensation claims. In addition, any compromise of our data security may materially increase the costs we incur to protect against such breaches and could subject us to additional legal risk.  Our reliance on key vendors and mobile network carriers subjects us to various risks and uncertainties which could affect our operating results. We source the products we sell from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors. In fiscal 2015, our 20 largest suppliers accounted for approximately 73% of the merchandise we purchased, with 5 suppliers – Apple, Samsung, Hewlett-Packard, Sony and LG Electronics – representing approximately 47% of total merchandise purchased. We generally do not have long-term written contracts with our vendors that would require them to continue supplying us with merchandise. We depend on our vendors for, among other things, appropriate allocation of merchandise, development of compelling assortments of products, operation of vendor-focused shopping experiences within our stores, acceptance of product returns, approval and payment for factory warranty claims and funding for various forms of promotional programs. To varying degrees, our vendors may be able to leverage their financial strength, customer popularity or alternative channels (including, in some instances, our vendors’ own retail locations or websites) to influence these factors and other factors to our commercial disadvantage. Such changes could have a material adverse impact on our revenues and profitability.   We are also dependent on mobile network carriers to allow us to offer mobile devices with carrier connections. The competitive strategies utilized by mobile network carriers can have a material impact on our revenues and margins. For example, if carriers change customer upgrade terms, monthly fee plans, cancellation fees or service levels, the volume of upgrades and new contracts we sign with customers may be reduced, adversely affecting our revenues and profitability. In addition, many of our carriers also serve customers through their own stores, websites, mobile applications and call centers. If customers choose to upgrade or make new connections through carriers directly, rather than through us, our revenues and profitability could be adversely affected. We could also experience declines in revenue and profitability if our carriers decided not to allow us to market their products or services.  We have internal standards that we require all of our vendors to meet. Our ability to find qualified vendors who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to goods sourced from outside the U.S. Political or financial instability, merchandise quality issues, product safety concerns, trade restrictions, work stoppages, port delays, tariffs, foreign currency exchange rates, transportation capacity and costs, inflation, civil unrest, natural disasters, outbreaks of pandemics and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. These and other issues affecting our vendors could materially adversely affect our financial results.  Changes in the demand for our service offerings could have a material adverse impact on our operating results. Our customer promises include provision of a full range of services to complement our product offerings, including extended warranties, delivery, installation, technical support, network set-up and repair services. Many of these service offerings are through our Geek Squad brand, which provides an opportunity to deliver superior customer service and drives incremental revenue and income – often through attachment of these services at the point of sale. As customers increasingly migrate to websites and mobile applications to initiate transactions, there is a risk that we are unsuccessful in effectively promoting the benefits of these complementary service offerings through those channels. If we fail to design and market these services  Table of Contents Table of Contents effectively to our customers or fail to meet our customers’ expectations in the execution of these services, our revenues and income could be adversely affected. Natural disasters, changes in climate and geo-political events could adversely affect our operating results. The threat or occurrence of one or more natural disasters or other extreme weather events, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise, the threat or outbreak of terrorism, civil unrest or other hostilities or conflicts, could materially adversely affect our financial performance. These events may result in damage to or destruction or closure of, our stores, distribution centers and other properties. Such events can also adversely affect our work force and prevent employees and customers from reaching our stores and other properties, can modify consumer purchasing patterns and decrease disposable income, and can disrupt or disable portions of our supply chain and distribution network. Our exclusive brands products are subject to several additional product, supply chain and legal risks that could affect our operating results.  Sales of our exclusive brands products, which primarily include Insignia, Modal, Dynex, Init, Platinum and Rocketfish branded products, represent an important component of our revenue. Most of these products are manufactured by contracted manufacturers based in southeastern Asia. This arrangement exposes us to the following additional potential risks, which could materially adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results: •We have greater exposure and responsibility to consumers for warranty replacements and repairs as a result of exclusive brand product defects, and our recourse to contracted manufacturers for such warranty liabilities may be limited in foreign jurisdictions; We have greater exposure and responsibility to consumers for warranty replacements and repairs as a result of exclusive brand product defects, and our recourse to contracted manufacturers for such warranty liabilities may be limited in foreign jurisdictions; •We may be subject to regulatory compliance and/or product liability claims relating to personal injury, death or property damage caused by exclusive brand products, some of which may require us to take significant actions such as product recalls; We may be subject to regulatory compliance and/or product liability claims relating to personal injury, death or property damage caused by exclusive brand products, some of which may require us to take significant actions such as product recalls; •We may experience disruptions in manufacturing or logistics due to inconsistent and unanticipated order patterns, our inability to develop long-term relationships with key factories or unforeseen natural disasters; We may experience disruptions in manufacturing or logistics due to inconsistent and unanticipated order patterns, our inability to develop long-term relationships with key factories or unforeseen natural disasters; •We may not be able to locate manufacturers that meet our internal standards, whether for new exclusive brand products or for migration of the manufacturing of products from an existing manufacturer; We may not be able to locate manufacturers that meet our internal standards, whether for new exclusive brand products or for migration of the manufacturing of products from an existing manufacturer; •We are subject to developing and often-changing labor and environmental laws for the manufacture of products in foreign countries, and we may be unable to conform to new rules or interpretations in a timely manner; We are subject to developing and often-changing labor and environmental laws for the manufacture of products in foreign countries, and we may be unable to conform to new rules or interpretations in a timely manner; •We may be subject to claims by technology or other intellectual property owners if we inadvertently infringe upon their patents or other intellectual property rights, or if we fail to pay royalties owed on our exclusive brand products; We may be subject to claims by technology or other intellectual property owners if we inadvertently infringe upon their patents or other intellectual property rights, or if we fail to pay royalties owed on our exclusive brand products; •We may be unable to obtain or adequately protect patents and other intellectual property rights on our exclusive brand products or manufacturing processes; and We may be unable to obtain or adequately protect patents and other intellectual property rights on our exclusive brand products or manufacturing processes; and •Regulations regarding disclosure of efforts to identify the country of origin of “conflict minerals” in certain portions of our supply chain could increase the cost of doing business and, depending on the findings of our country of origin inquiry, could have an adverse effect on our reputation. Regulations regarding disclosure of efforts to identify the country of origin of “conflict minerals” in certain portions of our supply chain could increase the cost of doing business and, depending on the findings of our country of origin inquiry, could have an adverse effect on our reputation. Maintaining consistent quality, availability and competitive pricing of our exclusive brands products helps us build and maintain customer loyalty, generate sales and achieve acceptable margins. Failure to maintain these factors could have a significant adverse impact on the demand for exclusive brand products and the margins we are able to generate from them.  We are subject to certain statutory, regulatory and legal developments which could have a material adverse impact on our business.  Our statutory, regulatory and legal environments expose us to complex compliance and litigation risks that could materially adversely affect our operations and financial results. The most significant compliance and litigation risks we face are: •The difficulty of complying with sometimes conflicting statutes and regulations in local, national or international jurisdictions; The difficulty of complying with sometimes conflicting statutes and regulations in local, national or international jurisdictions; •The potential for unexpected costs related to new or compliance with existing environmental legislation or international agreements affecting energy, carbon emissions, electronics recycling and water or product materials; The potential for unexpected costs related to new or compliance with existing environmental legislation or international agreements affecting energy, carbon emissions, electronics recycling and water or product materials; •The impact of new regulations governing data privacy and security, whether imposed as a result of increased cyber-security risks or otherwise; The impact of new regulations governing data privacy and security, whether imposed as a result of increased cyber-security risks or otherwise; •The impact of other new or changing statutes and regulations including, but not limited to, financial reform, National Labor Relations Board rule changes, health care reform, corporate governance matters and/or other as yet unknown legislation, that could affect how we operate and execute our strategies as well as alter our expense structure; The impact of other new or changing statutes and regulations including, but not limited to, financial reform, National Labor Relations Board rule changes, health care reform, corporate governance matters and/or other as yet unknown legislation, that could affect how we operate and execute our strategies as well as alter our expense structure; Table of Contents Table of Contents •The impact of changes in tax laws (or interpretations thereof by courts and taxing authorities) and accounting standards; and The impact of changes in tax laws (or interpretations thereof by courts and taxing authorities) and accounting standards; and •The impact of litigation trends, including class action lawsuits involving consumers and shareholders, and labor and employment matters. The impact of litigation trends, including class action lawsuits involving consumers and shareholders, and labor and employment matters. Regulatory activity focused on the retail industry has grown in recent years, increasing the risk of fines and additional operating costs associated with compliance. Additionally, defending against lawsuits and other proceedings may involve significant expense and divert management's attention and resources from other matters.  Changes to the National Labor Relations Act or other labor-related statutes or regulations could have an adverse impact on our costs and impair the viability of our operating model.  The National Labor Relations Board continually considers changes to labor regulations, many of which could significantly impact the nature of labor relations in the U.S. and how union organizing and union elections are conducted. The U.S. Department of Labor is considering new regulations requiring companies to publicly report the use and associated expense of external resources providing labor relations guidance and advice. As of January 31, 2015, none of our U.S. operations had employees represented by labor unions or working under collective bargaining agreements. Changes in labor-related statutes or regulations could increase the percentage of elections won by unions. If any segment of Best Buy’s operations became unionized, it could increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our operations.  Economic, regulatory and other developments could adversely affect the profitability of our promotional financing and credit card arrangements and our promotional financing offerings and therefore our operating results.  We offer promotional financing and credit cards issued by a third-party bank that manages and directly extends credit to our customers. The cardholders can receive low- or no-interest promotional financing on qualifying purchases. Total revenues from these programs accounted for approximately 20% of our revenue in fiscal 2015. We view these arrangements as a way to generate incremental sales of products and services from customers who prefer the financing terms to other available forms of payment. In addition, we earn profit-share income from our banking partners based on the performance of the credit card portfolio, and the amount of income we earn in this regard is subject to numerous factors such as the volume of credit card or financing transactions, bad debt rates, interest rates, the regulatory environment and expenses of operating the program. Adverse changes to any of these factors could impair our ability to offer these programs to customers and reduce our ability to earn income from sharing in the profits of the program.  We rely heavily on our information technology systems for our key business processes. Any failure or interruption in these systems could have a material adverse impact on our business. The effective and efficient operation of our business is dependent on our management information systems. We rely heavily on our management information systems to manage all key aspects of our business, including demand forecasting, purchasing, supply chain management, point-of-sale processing, staff planning and deployment, website offerings, financial management and forecasting and safeguarding critical and sensitive information. The failure of our management information systems to perform as we anticipate, or to meet the continuously evolving needs of our business, could significantly disrupt our business and cause, for example, higher costs and lost revenues and could threaten our ability to remain in operation. In addition, we utilize complex information technology platforms to operate our websites and mobile applications.  Disruptions to these services, such as those caused by unforeseen traffic levels or other technical difficulties, could cause us to forego material revenues and adversely affect our reputation with consumers.   We utilize third-party vendors for certain aspects of our business operations. We engage key third-party business partners to support various functions of our business, including but not limited to, information technology, human resource operations, customer loyalty programs, promotional financing and customer loyalty credit cards, customer warranty and insurance programs. Any material disruption in our relationship with key third-party business partners or any disruption in the services or systems provided or managed by third parties could impact our revenues and cost structure and hinder our ability to continue operations, particularly if a disruption occurs during peak revenue periods. Table of Contents Table of Contents We are highly dependent on the cash flows and net earnings we generate during our fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the majority of the holiday shopping season.  Approximately one-third of our revenue and more than one-half of our net earnings have historically been generated in our fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the majority of the holiday shopping season in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. Unexpected events or developments such as natural or man-made disasters, product sourcing issues, failure or interruption of management information systems, disruptions in services or systems provided or managed by third-party vendors or adverse economic conditions in our fourth fiscal quarter could have a material adverse effect on our annual results of operations. Our revenues and margins are highly sensitive to developments in products and services. The consumer electronics industry involves constant innovation and evolution of products and services offered to consumers. The following examples demonstrate the impact this can have on our business:  •Following the introduction of tablets, their sales grew rapidly and changed the market for mobile computing devices; however, the market has declined rapidly in fiscal 2015 as demand levels have fallen due to market saturation and minimal product innovation; Following the introduction of tablets, their sales grew rapidly and changed the market for mobile computing devices; however, the market has declined rapidly in fiscal 2015 as demand levels have fallen due to market saturation and minimal product innovation; •Product convergence has significantly impacted the demand for some products; for example, the growth of increasingly sophisticated smartphones has reduced the demand for separate cameras, gaming systems, music players and GPS devices; Product convergence has significantly impacted the demand for some products; for example, the growth of increasingly sophisticated smartphones has reduced the demand for separate cameras, gaming systems, music players and GPS devices; •The timing of new product introductions and updates can have a dramatic impact on the timing of revenues; for example, the introduction of new gaming systems can produce high demand levels for hardware and the accompanying software, which may be followed by several years of decline in demand; The timing of new product introductions and updates can have a dramatic impact on the timing of revenues; for example, the introduction of new gaming systems can produce high demand levels for hardware and the accompanying software, which may be followed by several years of decline in demand; •Delivery models for some products are affected by technological advances and new product innovations; for example, media such as music, video and gaming is increasingly transferring to digital delivery methods that may reduce the need for physical CD, DVD, Blu-ray and gaming products; and Delivery models for some products are affected by technological advances and new product innovations; for example, media such as music, video and gaming is increasingly transferring to digital delivery methods that may reduce the need for physical CD, DVD, Blu-ray and gaming products; and •Disruptions in the availability of content (such as sporting events or other broadcast programming) may influence the demand for hardware that our customers purchase to access such content, as well as the commission we receive from service providers. Disruptions in the availability of content (such as sporting events or other broadcast programming) may influence the demand for hardware that our customers purchase to access such content, as well as the commission we receive from service providers. Many of the factors described above are not controllable by us. The factors can have a material adverse impact on our relevance to the consumer and the demand for products and services we have traditionally offered. It is possible that these and similar changes could materially affect our revenues and profitability.  Our international activities are subject to many of the same risks as described above, as well as to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, regulatory, political and economic factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate.  We operate international retail locations in Canada and Mexico. In addition, we have a presence in various other foreign countries, including Bermuda, China, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Luxembourg, the Republic of Mauritius, the Netherlands, Taiwan, Turks and Caicos, and the U.K. During fiscal 2015, our International segment's operations generated 11% of our revenue. Our future operating results in these countries and in other countries or regions throughout the world where we may operate in the future could be materially adversely affected by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including political conditions, economic conditions, legal and regulatory constraints, foreign trade rules and monetary and fiscal policies (both of the U.S. and of other countries). In addition, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations may have an impact on our future revenues, earnings and cash flows from International operations and could materially adversely affect our reported financial performance.  Our International segment's operations face other risks as well, including the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights in countries other than the U.S., and potential adverse tax consequences. The various risks inherent in doing business in the U.S. generally also exist when doing business outside of the U.S. and may be exaggerated by differences in culture, laws and regulations. There is a heightened risk that we misjudge the response of consumers in foreign markets to our product and service assortments, marketing and promotional strategy and store and website designs, among other factors, and this could adversely impact the results of these operations and the viability of these ventures. Table of Contents Table of Contents Failure to meet the financial performance guidance or other forward-looking statements we have provided to the public could result in a decline in our stock price. We may provide public guidance on our expected financial results for future periods. Although we believe that this guidance provides investors and analysts with a better understanding of management's expectations for the future and is useful to our stockholders and potential stockholders, such guidance is comprised of forward-looking statements subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this report and in our other public filings and public statements. Our actual results may not always be in line with or exceed the guidance we have provided. If our financial results for a particular period do not meet our guidance or the expectations of investment analysts or if we reduce our guidance for future periods, the market price of our common stock may decline.